[Daniel] Previously on Ugly Betty:
- Killer poncho.
- Thanks!
- I'm Betty Suarez.
- Hi, Betty.
I'm your new assistant.
I got the job 'cause Meade
didn't want his son
tempted to sleep with his assistant.
Nepotistic son of a bitch
gives my job to his...
- His son.
- [Sighs]
[Woman] So the question is:
How do we get to Bradford?
- We use Daniel.
- Who is this?
[Woman] he's a man of many,
many secrets, Daniel.
Dig a little deeper, and you may find
he's capable of practically anything.
- [Techno music plays]
- Wait. Excuse me, sir?
You know, I think
I was here before them.
This is a party for my boss.
Daniel Meade. I'm his assistant.
[Indistinct chatter]
No, I am. I am. Here, look,
I have my Xerox card.
- Somewhere, I know I have it.
- You.
- [Woman] Me? Thanks!
- They don't give these to anybody.
Oh, see, she knows me!
- Amanda!
- [Man] Right this way.
[Amanda] Excuse us.
Sweetheart, why don't you
come back Monday?
That's when we let anybody in.
Come on, come on...
Here, look, I found it,
my Xerox card.
I'm standing outside Vamp,
Manhattan's hot spot du jour.
It's nothing but trendy and Fendi
here for Daniel Meade's cover party
as we celebrate his
first issue of Mode hitting the stands.
More than a few eyebrows were raised
on the catwalk when Meade was chosen
to replace the late Fay Sommers
over seasoned creative director
Wilhelmina Slater.
[Man] Miss Slater!
Please, to the right!
- You look gorgeous.
- [Man 2] Wilhelmina, hi!
- What'd I miss?
- The Times, Page Six, The News.
They've been all over Daniel.
Heidi Klum's a no-show,
Isaac's in the back getting sloppy.
Wait till you see
Veronica Jansen's face-lift. Lawsuit!
[* Pussycat Dolls: Buttons]
Look at them falling over themselves
trying to get a quote.
As if he actually knew
anything about fashion.
The man went to Vera Wang's spring line,
gave her a high-five.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
[* Dance Dance Revolution:
Keep Ya Body Movin]
Oh.
Hi.
- Walter, what are you doing here?
- OK, my turn!
Betty, check it out!
Actually, I think I'm the one that
should be asking the questions here.
Like what were you doing out
at some club with your boss 'til all...
...nine forty-five.
Well, it was a party
for his first issue,
and why am I
explaining this to you, Walter?
- We're not even dating anymore.
- And whose fault is that?
Well, you're the one
who dumped me for Gina.
For just two days! And it takes
longer than that to digest corn.
As beautiful an apology
as that is, Walter, I think we're over.
Come on.
Betty, look what I brought you.
This game's been on
back-order for months.
Couldn't even use my discount.
Full price!
I'm supposed to forgive you because
you couldn't use your employee discount?
Walter, go home.
I would, but we're
in the middle of a game here.
- [Beeping]
- Yes!
OK, now I'm gonna go home.
[Walter] Full price!
[Dance music plays]
July issue. Black lace push-up bra,
red mesh thong.
See, I never forget a face.
Careful, Daniel,
I think she's only 12.
- Hi, Dad.
- I see that you've been mingling.
Are you talking to anyone
who actually matters?
I've done 40 interviews already.
Looks like my first issue's a home run.
Yeah. You pulled it off.
Christy Benson from New York Minute
seems to think I did
more than pull it off.
You're the editor of Mode, Daniel.
Mode sells Mode.
[Man] Mr. Meade?
Might we get a two-shot with Daniel?
[Man 2] Couple more, sir?
To the right. Thank you.
Real nice.
Well, if that wasn't a cover shot.
Media mogul Bradford Meade
and his son, the shining star.
The issue's a big hit, Daniel.
Your brother really would've been proud.
Oh, I'm not so sure about that.
I mean, what did I do anyway?
Mode sells Mode. Right, Dad?
Do you remember the yacht?
Your dad throws this party
to introduce Alex
to the fashion community
as the new editor of hudson.
He walks in with a black pinstripe
Armani jacket,
white tuxedo front shirt,
and polka-dot boxers.
That picture ended up in
every newspaper in the country.
Circulation went up 38 percent.
That is an editor.
I wish you'd told me.
I would've dropped my pants for you.
I'm sorry. Maybe it was insensitive
of me to have mentioned him tonight.
This is Daniel's party,
but Alex is such a tough act to follow.
So was the club amazing?
They say people wait in line
for three hours just to get inside.
- Some even more.
- You're home early.
I checked your homework.
Was there any famous people?
Did you bring me a matchbook?
- Justin, I forgot.
- What about the bathroom doors?
They really fog over
when you push a button?
- I didn't have to use the bathroom.
- OK, Justin, go get ready for bed.
And, by the way,
I read your boss's first issue.
A little bulky, but good balance
of style, accessories, and puff pieces.
You didn't get in, did you?
I have to go e-mail Daniel
his itinerary for tomorrow.
Sientate.
Why do you do this to yourself?
I keep telling you,
those places aren't for people like us.
Hilda! Please, just... don't.
OK.
OK, look, If this is so important
to you, let me help you.
- How?
- How?!
I am the top-selling Herbalux
sales associate in my district.
And all because I know
how to sell myself.
The hair, the face, the clothes.
You gotta look it to be it!
- That's the Herbalux way.
- Thanks, but I don't think so.
Betty, mama,
you wanna fit in with these people,
I got news for you...
...they're not gonna change.
Uh-huh. You have to.
I'm gonna get chocolate sauce.
[Speaking in Spanish]
[Shouting]
Hey!
- Good morning to you, too.
- You know what the doctor said.
He already took my cigars.
One cup of coffee isn't...
Sorry, have you been going
to medical school on your lunch hour?
Take this seriously.
This is your heart. You take your pill?
I only have a few.
Trying to make 'em last.
- Dad. Take it. We'll get a refill.
- All right. I'm taking it.
You know, I actually think I'm making
some headway on this HMO thing.
I finally got a real person
on the phone yesterday
instead of some stupid recording.
I had to wash it down with something.
You didn't stay long last night.
No, sorry. I had to wake up early
for the conference call to Milan,
and then go over the Keira shoot proofs,
and then approve the models
for the Paris spread.
It's 9:15.
Well, someone's gotta hold
this magazine together, Bradford.
I mean, Daniel is trying,
but some people are just naturals.
Don't worry. I've got his back.
Excuse me. I'm sorry.
Don't you look... sweaty.
I've been in the archives.
Daniel wanted all these back issues.
Mm-hmm. Well, we missed you
at the party last night.
What happened?
Sale at the 99 Cent store?
No, I... I couldn't get in.
[Gasps] Are you serious?
Oh, you poor thing.
Those jerks at the door.
All they seem to care about
is appearance.
Look, it's all about appearance.
That's all Alex did to hudson.
He changed the font, the layout,
hired some trendy photographers,
and my father thinks
he's some kind of hero.
I can do these same things to Mode.
But, Daniel, your first issue
was a big success.
- My nephew loved it.
- It wasn't my issue and you know it.
Wilhelmina chose
every designer, every article.
I just signed my initials
to lots of memos, I...
That's gonna change.
Set up a staff meeting for Monday,
all department heads.
And work around my father's schedule.
I want him there, too.
[Footsteps approaching]
Two words. Fa-boo.
It's for that breast cancer
thing at the Plaza.
And who's the lucky plus one?
- The senator's in town.
- I thought breast cancer was pink.
It is, but Alzheimer's
went better with the outfit.
What? I'm supporting,
that's what counts.
Zip me. What do you want anyhow?
Conference room. And it's good.
Here are all the models
that Alex worked with.
And I found that
font style that he used.
Also, I brought all these
photographers' books.
This one right here.
This is my favorite. He's amazing.
He's shot everyone from, like,
Madonna to the Dalai Lama.
Yeah, this is Vincent Bianchi.
- And he'll never work for us.
- Well, why not?
When he worked with Alex
they got in this blow-up.
He thought Alex was a fraud, Alex
thought he was a temperamental artiste.
He vowed never to work for Meade again.
But, Daniel, you're not Alex.
If my brother, the wunderkind, couldn't
make it work, I doubt I'd be able to...
Look, let's just see
who else is here, huh?
Tweedledee and Tweedledumpy
have been in there for two hours
going over back issues of hudson.
Now, he's trying to actually
rip off his own dead brother.
Oh, my God, it couldn't be any easier
if I gave him the gun
and he aimed it at his foot.
The police released Fey Sommers' car
to a scrap metal yard a week ago.
How come it's taking you
so long to find out where it is?
Location info's private,
and there's over 142 salvage yards
in the Tri-state area alone.
Why don't you go back to your
building and make magazines,
- and let me do what I do.
- You better do what you do quickly.
The grease monkeys in the garage
can't spell their own names,
but it won't take much to figure out
the steering was tampered with.
And I don't care how good
you think your work is.
[Woman] What are we drinking to?
To a father who realizes his child
will never compare to the one he lost.
And to a son who knows he'll never
measure up, no matter how hard he tries.
[Laughs]
It's practically Shakespearean.
As long as there's this wedge
between the two of them,
their relationship is doomed.
Daniel's time at the magazine,
and, ultimately, the company,
will be limited.
Well, perhaps it's time
I drive that wedge a little deeper.
What would Daniel think
if he were tipped off
as to what his dear old father
were capable of?
- [Exhales heavily]
- [Both chuckling]
Mmm.
Hey, what if we
shrink the magazine down
so women can fit it
in their purses easier?
[Sighs] See,
now Alex would've made that.
He should be the one doing this, not me.
At least my father would be happier.
If your father didn't think you could
do this, why'd he give it to you?
Was this Kung Pao chicken
or orange beef?
Well, after five hours, Daniel,
I don't really think it matters.
Know what next Saturday is?
The Harvard-Yale game. Biggest
college football game of the year.
You want me to try and get you tickets?
Every year since we were kids
my father would take Alex to that game.
It was their thing.
He never once invited me.
You know, I actually thought after
Alex died he was gonna ask me to go.
But...
It's OK, I'm used to it.
Every parent has a favorite, right?
- Well, you know, my dad doesn't.
- Sure he does.
I mean, they all do.
Sometimes it's a... something small,
but you can see it, you know?
They smile a little brighter
when one of you walks in the room.
Laugh a little louder
when one of you tells a joke.
Good morning!
Justin, you're not gonna make me late!
- What time did you get in last night?
- I don't even remember.
Daniel's going through
stuff with his father...
Justin! Oh, my God.
What?
Hilda, do you ever think about...
...Dad and us and...
you know, if he has a favorite?
[Chuckling] Yeah, I think so.
- You.
- You!
You're right up there between
Tito Puente and his nose hair clippers.
I am gonna kill that kid.
Morning, Papi.
You didn't get in till three.
Why are they keeping you so late?
My boss is trying
to change the magazine.
I still have to go through
these photographers' books.
They're working you too hard.
You tell 'em you want a raise.
OK, Dad.
- Vincent Bianchi.
- Yeah, he's really amazing.
He ended up making it
as a photographer, huh?
- I thought that kid'd end up in jail.
- What are you talking about?
Vinnie Bianchi.
He grew up over on Grand.
- His family owns Astoria Lemon Ice.
- He grew up four blocks from here?
His old man's always going on
about his kid's pictures.
He's got a bunch of them
hanging on the wall in there.
Dad, I have to go.
- I love you.
- I love you, too!
[Betty] Put down the coffee!
- [Phone ringing]
- [Humming]
Hello? Hey! Someone?
[Phone continues ringing]
Can someone get that?
[Rock music plays]
Does anybody else work here?
Bianchi Gallery.
I'm not sure if you can help me,
but I'm trying to reach Vincent Bianchi.
You got him.
Oh, OK. Wow.
I wasn't expecting this...
Um... I thought I was gonna
have to leave a message.
You wanna call back?
- I could let the machine pick up.
- No! No, no. No.
OK, Mr. Bianchi,
I am a really big fan of yours.
That cover shoot you did for
Rolling Stone... Wow, that was amazing.
Thank you. You have excellent taste.
How can I help you?
Well, I'm calling about your
availability for a magazine shoot...
You gotta go through
my rep for that, Sheila Cordova.
She handles me for print work. OK?
You know, you and I,
we went to the same high school!
Huh?
Queensborough High, right?
Class of '93?
Do I know you?
No, no, no.
We didn't go at the same time.
Actually, my name is Betty Suarez.
Class of 2002.
But, it turns out that you and me,
we grew up four blocks from each other.
- I live off of Roosevelt.
- You're a Jackson Heights girl, huh?
- Uh-huh.
- You don't say.
I practically live at Astoria Lemon Ice.
You know that doughnut place
two blocks down? That's where I grew up.
I worked there every summer
in high school and it burnt down.
Now it's a deli.
It's pretty good, but...
- Not as good as Sal's though, huh?
- On 87th?
Oh, my gosh, like the best sausage
and pepper hero on the eastern seaboard.
Just the smell of those
could get me high.
I haven't thought about those
in a long time.
So, Betty Suarez, OK,
you've got me hungry and curious.
What is this job you wanted
to talk to me about?
Well, I work at Mode magazine and
my boss, Daniel Meade, was wondering...
- [dial tone buzzes]
- Hello?
The senator will be picking me up here
for the luncheon on Monday.
Before then, I want
my commendations framed and hung.
Avanti classical gold
with a white matte.
White matte.
Put the Clio and the Women In Publishing
on the credenza.
Call Phillip, order two dozen cherry
black calla lilies for the coffee table.
Those are his favorites.
[Imaginary applause]
- Thank you.
- [Wilhelmina] Marc!
[Reggaeton music plays]
[Man whistles]
- [Bradford] Bradford Meade.
- I found it. Bayonne Salvage Yard.
Did you get rid of it?
- Not gonna be as easy as I thought.
- Why not?
Open your e-mail.
I sent you a present.
"You can own fashion guru
Fey Sommers' death car."
Sick punks
selling it to the highest bidder.
See, I'm trying to get the magazine
to attract a hipper,
more fashion-conscious woman.
They were out of poppy seed,
I got you onion.
OK, you're at the newsstand,
500 covers in front of you,
- which one grabs you?
- Bathing suit.
- It's fresher.
- Definitely. And neon is in.
I really like the gown.
It's very Cinderella.
Yeah, listen, could you get
some cream cheese for that?
So I'm trying to get this font...
I was trying to go for something
cool and sexy.
[Phone rings]
Daniel Meade.
Who's calling? Betty?
Vincent Bianchi's on line three.
- For you.
- Really?
Hello?
Oh, you did? I'm so glad.
Well, you know, I thought
that it was probably a while
since you've gotten down to Sal's, so...
Are you serious?
Oh, my God, that would be
so wonderful, Mr. Bianchi.
OK, Vincent.
Oh, yeah, yeah. That was my boss
who picked up. Hold on.
He loved the sausage
and pepper heroes that I sent him.
He though I had cojones. I'll
explain later, go pick up the phone.
[Squeals]
Well...
I don't really don't know what you did,
or how sausage and peppers helped,
but thank you.
We're having lunch on Monday.
Would you like me
to set up a reservation?
Yeah. Actually, see if you can
get us a table at Madison Six.
And make it for three.
He asked that you come along.
What? Wait, wait, wait.
He asked for me?
Oh, and maybe we could both...
dress up a little on Monday.
I think he meant
natural fibers, sweetie.
Come on, Christina,
there's gotta be something.
A sweater, or a jacket...
I can't walk in there looking like me.
- You look fine.
- But you're not Vincent Bianchi.
He's expecting one of these
"28th floor girls."
Since when did you wanna look
like them? They're not even real!
Real women snort when they laugh,
they've got fat arses,
wobbly upper arms, and get PMS.
I thought you wanted to run a magazine,
not spend 12 hours a day
wonderin' about what your hair's doin'.
Yeah, but this job is the only chance
I have of ever getting there.
I was in Daniel's office earlier and
he wanted the opinion of a Mode girl.
He didn't look at me.
You honestly think
that I have any future here
if I don't at least try to change?
Never mind.
Betty? What are you doing?
What's going on?
I work in an office full of Glamazon
women who are all six feet tall
and perfectly waxed.
That's what's going on.
- Glamazon?
- Never mind.
Hey, come here.
Since when does
that kind of stuff get to you?
Hey! Amor, you are so beautiful...
Dad, stop.
Please, don't even try that.
- No, and you have such a big heart...
- And stop it with the "big heart!"
The speech didn't work when
I was cast as a rock in the school play,
and when I was sitting at home
with you and Mom on prom night.
- And it's not gonna work now, so...
- You'll always be my special girl.
You know that.
Just so you know.
You were a really terrific rock.
- Dad, don't forget to take your pill!
- OK!
- See?
- Shut up.
Just help me.
[* Los Ninos de Sara: La Cubanita]
She has a two o'clock with Cholli!
I have a two o'clock with Jean-Luc.
- Mama!
- Cholli!
So, what are we thinking today?
Something befitting an editor in chief.
No! You get the job?
Soon. Very soon.
So do you think you could
really make me look like this?
Honey, you sit back and relax
and let Cholli do her thang.
We gonna need the big tweezers.
Yes! [cackling]
Ow!
[Moans]
Thank you.
[Coughing]
[Gasps] Perfect.
- [Betty] Are you sure I look like this?
- Baby, you look better!
[* Shakira: Hips Don't Lie]
Betty?
Dude, how could you have
broken up with her?
She's hot!
[Whistles]
- Me?
- Oh, yeah!
Really? Thank you!
- Penthouse, please.
- Yes, sir.
Oh, Mr. Meade.
Hi! How are you?
- I'm Betty. Daniel's assistant.
- Oh, yeah.
You look... taller.
Thank you.
Excuse me.
I have to call you right back.
Betty!
I think I just found
my new screensaver.
[Phone rings]
Daniel Meade's office.
Excuse me, who's calling?
Just one second.
- Yeah?
- There's a woman on line two
who won't tell me her name,
but she wants to talk to you
- about your father.
- Get rid of her.
No. Wait.
Daniel Meade here.
[Woman] Hello, Daniel.
I just finished your first issue.
- You should be very pleased.
- Who is this?
Oh, that's not important right now.
The real question is:
How well do you know your father?
- Excuse me?
- Do yourself a favor.
Ask him what he's been up to
at the Bayonne Salvage Yard.
[Phone hangs up]
What the hell is that supposed... Whoa.
- Look at you.
- Yep!
You told me to dress up
for our lunch today.
And dress up you did. Yeah.
I was thinking, maybe
we should call Madison Six,
see if they have a table in the back,
so we can have privacy with Bianchi.
- OK.
- Great.
- Have you seen her yet?
- Yes, I did.
And it looks as if
Queens threw up. [scoffs]
He should be quite impressed.
Ooh. Someone got their hair did.
So I'm pitching we go
for an entire redesign.
Splashier colors, bolder looks.
Overhaul the entire layout.
It can be a whole new Mode.
Stop using the, you know,
same old models.
Get cutting-edge photographers,
more interesting writers.
Do we really need
another editorial on eating disorders?
Now, I happen to be having lunch today
with Vincent Bianchi to discuss...
Vincent Bianchi? You expect him
to do a spread for Mode?
You know his history with the company.
Your brother couldn't work with him.
Why do you even try?
Because he's one of the best.
And I think I can
persuade him to consider it.
Daniel, I, for one,
think it's wonderful you've taken
such initiative with the magazine.
But some of these changes
you're suggesting...
Let me put it this way.
Sometimes change is a positive thing,
and then sometimes...
Well, they can spin out of control.
You start with a simple redesign,
and, all of a sudden,
before you know it,
you're talking about "bold new colors,"
and a "daring new look,"
and the truth is you haven't
really improved on a thing.
- Wilhelmina.
- I'm just saying...
...change isn't always for the better.
In some cases, it can make
a bad situation even worse.
[Indistinct chattering]
[Knocking on wall]
This is the ladies' room.
I wanted to make sure you were OK.
It's just another day at Mode.
You can't listen to a thing
Wilhelmina says. She's a jerk.
No, Daniel, I'm the jerk.
Thinking that fake nails
and a new hairdo
could actually make a difference
on someone like me.
OK, yeah, look...
I don't know what
I'm supposed to tell you.
This is the way this place works.
It is a fashion magazine.
Appearance... It means something here.
I know.
Listen, I know you're gonna feel
a whole lot better after our lunch.
You can order anything you want.
- I don't... I'm not going.
- What? No, no, you have to go.
Betty, Bianchi wants to meet you.
You're the reason
this lunch's happening.
Daniel, he doesn't even know who I am.
Just take Amanda.
It's like you said,
appearance means something.
- She'll fit right in at Madison Six.
- Betty, come on...
Daniel, just go, you're gonna be late.
And don't forget the proposal.
[Door opens, closes]
[Door opening]
About time. How long does it take
to put on makeup?
Well, I also had to fix my hair.
I thought you were Amanda.
I didn't know you'd be joining us.
Afraid I might botch things up
with Bianchi if I were on my own?
Let's just say that I had a sudden
craving for the quail at Madison Six.
OK, "Betty Suarez" is here.
Shall we?
He called.
He's running late to pick you up.
Well, a senator's life
can never be called his own.
Be sure to meet him downstairs
to escort him up.
Vincent, Daniel Meade.
Sorry we're late.
No problem.
Just killing time trying to figure out
what these five forks are for.
- Bradford Meade.
- I remember you, yeah.
- And this is... Betty Suarez.
- [Chuckles] Hola!
[Hushed laughter]
- The quail here is excellent.
- Quail.
Could you hear them
in the old neighborhood
if they saw us in a place like this?
- Carbs. No.
- [Daniel clears his throat]
But... who cares about carbs
when you're from Queens, right?
Excuse me. I'm gonna need
a very large glass of wine, please.
Is this color peach or salmon?
Marc, will you cover
my phones for me, please?
- Daniel forgot the proposal.
- I'll bring it to the restaurant.
- I'll take it to him. It's my job.
- Come on.
They won't even let you
past the host at Madison Six.
- Just let me. I got it.
- Marc! Give it to me.
I can't hit your boss,
but I can hit you,
and everybody knows
I'm from Queens so I will do it!
Thank you.
So, none of the girls looked like you
when I went to Queensborough High.
Hey, does Mrs. Rodriguez
still teach there?
I'm gonna say...
...she died.
So... you're still
just a creative director?
Yes, Daddy.
Shall we?
So we feel this holiday issue
is our chance to try something
really out there for our feature spread,
four-page pullout.
You'd have total
carte blanche, of course.
What does your old man do, anyway?
Investment banker.
Your father's
an investment banker, Betty?
Oh, I mean, yeah,
that was always his dream.
You know, if he ever
made it out of the barrio.
- What?
- OK, that's it. It's over.
- Daniel...
- Look, I can't keep doing this, Dad.
- I'm sorry, Mr. Bianchi...
- Are you ready to hear the specials?
Could you hold off on the specials?
I'm about to blow a very big deal here.
Mr. Bianchi, this is not Betty Suarez.
Mmm?
[Scoffs] No kidding.
Come on, give me some credit.
This girl's never been within ten feet
of a sausage and pepper hero
- in her life.
- He is so right.
So where's the girl
I talked to on the phone?
She didn't wanna come.
And it's my fault.
She was looking forward
to meeting you very much,
but because we're all caught up
with some stupid image,
I made her feel insecure
about fitting into a place like this.
[Betty] No, really, he's my boss.
I need to take him the envelope.
Right there. It's ten feet in.
I can't imagine why you thought
she wouldn't fit in.
Look, here he comes. He'll tell you.
I'm sorry, Mr. Meade,
she says that she's with you.
- She is.
- Look, you forgot the layout proposal.
There's someone
I want you to meet. Come here.
Now, this must be Betty Suarez!
Mr. Bianchi, hi.
It's really an honor, really.
Look, Mr. Bianchi,
between your fight with my brother
and what we tried to pull off,
I'm sure there isn't a reason in hell
you'd wanna work with us.
But, I gotta say,
I think it'd be
a great opportunity for both of us.
You'd have free reign to call
your own shots, I give you my word.
Actually, I give you Betty's word.
She's the only one
who's been straight with you so far.
You know,
you're nothing like your brother.
No. I'm not.
I'm not Alex.
I'll leave you with the proposal.
Mr. Bianchi.
Here you go.
Thanks.
[Dishes clattering]
Excuse me,
could I get a matchbook, please?
My nephew is never gonna believe this.
- There you go.
- Awesome. Thanks.
I just wanted to say I'm sorry.
I should've insisted you come
to lunch with me today. I...
Well, Daniel,
I'm sorry that I backed down.
I mean, I should not have let
Wilhelmina get to me like that.
Fake nails or not,
you came through for us, Betty.
Bianchi was only there because of you.
Guess you really do have cojones, huh?
[Knock on door]
So I'm going to go.
- He's doing it.
- We got him?
You got him.
His one stipulation is that he answers
only to you and to no other,
- quote, "blowhards."
- OK.
Betty, please send
an e-mail to all Creative.
Vincent Bianchi will be shooting
our December feature spread.
Shut up!
Right away, sir.
- Congratulations.
- Thank you.
Dad, I got a weird call from some woman.
She said to ask you about
Bayonne Scrap Yard.
- Mean anything?
- Haven't the foggiest.
Must be some kind of crank.
I've never even been to Bayonne.
[Computer beeping]
Vincent Bianchi will be
shooting December...
He got him?
[Screaming and glass breaking]
[Latin music plays]
Hey, look who's home
in time for dinner!
What happened to your makeup?
And your nails!
- It was kind of a long day.
- They didn't fire you, did they?
- I'll go down there...
- No, Dad, they didn't fire me.
In fact, because of me,
we landed Vincent Bianchi
for a big magazine shoot.
That's a big deal?
I could've gotten you that kid.
Yes, Dad, it's kind of a big deal.
It's a really big deal.
Well, in that case...
...l'm very proud of you.
Thank you.
And you know what?
If it wasn't for Hilda's makeover,
none of it would've even happened.
Hey, how about that?
My two girls!
- [Justin] Betty! It's all set up!
- Where you going? We're about to eat.
Hilda, this is one club
they can't keep me out of.
[* Dance Dance Revolution:
Keep Ya Body Movin]
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from OpenSubtitles.org